Update orgs preview page with org_api and orgs-cli (#1912)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/manage/organizations.md

For detailed information on pricing and plans, refer to [Neon plans](/docs/introduction/plans).

## Managing projects using the Neon API

In the Neon API, the `org_id` represents the unique identifier for your organization. Use this ID to manage and interact with your organization's projects, making sure that your API requests are scoped to the right organization.

When creating a new project, include `org_id` in your `POST` request to ensure the project gets associated with your organization. Otherwise, the project will be created under your personal account.

You can also use the `org_id` parameter in `GET` requests to:

- List all projects that belong to your organization
- Get consumption metrics for your organization
- List of all organizations that you belong to (via your personal account)

### Finding your org_id

> While you can't get your `org_id` directly in the Neon Console (it's not yet available during private preview), if you navigate to your organization, you can find the ID in the console URL:

Reviewer: maybe worth mentioning org_id always starts with "org-". Might be easier for customers to understand what it is

Author: Good point. Added.

For detailed information on pricing and plans, refer to [Neon plans](/docs/introduction/plans).

## Managing projects using the Neon API

In the Neon API, the `org_id` represents the unique identifier for your organization. Use this ID to manage and interact with your organization's projects, making sure that your API requests are scoped to the right organization.

When creating a new project, include `org_id` in your `POST` request to ensure the project gets associated with your organization. Otherwise, the project will be created under your personal account.

You can also use the `org_id` parameter in `GET` requests to:

- List all projects that belong to your organization
- Get consumption metrics for your organization
- List of all organizations that you belong to (via your personal account)

### Finding your org_id

While you can't get your `org_id` directly in the Neon Console (it's not yet available during private preview), if you navigate to your organization, you can find the ID in the console URL:

![org ID in console URL](/docs/manage/org_id_URL.png)

<Admonition type="tip">

> To help you recognize organization IDs, note that they all start with the prefix `org`.

Reviewer 2: take or leave:

To help you identify organization IDs more easily, remember that they all begin with the prefix "org".

> To help you recognize organization IDs, note that they all start with the prefix `org`.

Author: ```suggestion
To help you identify organization IDs more easily, notice that they all start with the prefix `org`.
```

curl --request GET \
     --url 'https://console.neon.tech/api/v2/projects?org_id=org-ocean-art-12345678' \
     --header 'accept: application/json' \
     --header 'authorization: Bearer $NEON_API_KEY'
```

See more details about using this endpoint on the [Manage billing with consumption limits](/docs/guides/partner-billing#retrieving-metrics-for-all-projects) page in our Partner Guide.

### List all organizations you belong to

You can use the `GET /users/me/organizations` request to retrieve a list of all organizations associated with your personal account.

```bash shouldWrap
curl --request GET \
     --url 'https://console.neon.tech/api/v2/users/me/organizations' \
     --header 'accept: application/json' \
     --header 'authorization: Bearer $NEON_API_KEY'
```

The response will include details about each organization, including the `org_id`, name, and creation date.

### Example Response

```json
{
  "organizations": [
    {
      "id": "org-morning-bread-81040908",
      "name": "Morning Bread Organization",
      "created_at": "2022-11-23T17:42:25Z",
      "updated_at": "2022-12-04T02:39:25Z"
    },
    ...
  ]
}
```

## Managing organizations using the Neon CLI

> During private preview, we'll be continuing to add options for managing your organization using the Neon CLI. For now, we've added the main command `neonctl orgs` with a single subcommands `list`, which outputs a list of all organizations that the CLI user currently belongs to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During private preview, we'll be continuing to add options for managing your organization using the Neon CLI. For now, we've added the main command `neonctl orgs` with a single subcommand `list`, which outputs a list of all organizations that the CLI user currently belongs to.
```
